Cknieling/palladio 2 0 release (#222)
Esri/palladio: README.md

## Release Notes

### v2.0.0 (Jul 1, 2023)

Required CityEngine version: 2023.0 or older

#### Added:
- Option to disable default triangulation on polygons with holes

#### Changed:

- Updated Procedural Runtime (PRT) to 3.0.8905 (corresponds to CityEngine 2023.0)

> - Fixed missing textures with embedded usd assets in RPKs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed lookup of textures within USDZ assets in RPKs
```
